STAGE 1A - VERIFY SES APPLICATION SENDING EMAIL ADDRESS

The Pet-Cuddle-O-Tron application is going to send reminder messages via SMS and Email. It will use the simple email service or SES. In production, it could be configured to allow sending from the application email, to any users of the application. SES starts off in sandbox mode, which means you can only sent to verified addresses (to avoid you spamming).

There is a whole process to get SES out of sandbox mode, which you could do, See (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ses/latest/dg/request-production-access.html)
This shows moving out of the Amazon SES sandbox,but for this demo to keep things quick - we will verify the sender address and the receiver address.

Ensure you are logged into an AWS account, have admin privileges and are in the us-east-1 / N. Virginia Region
Move to the SES console https://console.aws.amazon.com/ses/home?region=us-east-1#
Click on Verified Identities under Configuration Click Create Identity
Check the 'Email Address' checkbox
Ideally you will need a sending email address for the application and a receiving email address for your test customer. But you can use the same email for both.

For my application email ... the email the app will send from i'm going to use adrian+cuddleotron@cantrill.io
Enter whatever email you want to use to send in the box (it needs to be a valid address as it will be checked)
Click Create Identity
You will receive an email to this address containing a link to click
Click that link
You should see a Congratulations! message
Return to the SES console and Refresh your browser, the verification status should now be verified
Record this address somewhere save as the PetCuddleOTron Sending Address
STAGE 1B - VERIFY SES APPLICATION CUSTOMER EMAIL ADDRESS

If you want to use a different email address for the test customer (recommended), follow the steps below
Click Create Identity
Check the 'Email Address' checkbox For my application email ... the email for my test customer is adrian+cuddlecustomer@cantrill.io
Enter whatever email you want to use to send in the box (it needs to be a valid address as it will be checked)
Click Create Identity
You will receive an email to this address containing a link to click
Click that link
You should see a Congratulations! message
Return to the SES console and refresh your browser, the verification status should now be verified
Record this address somewhere save as the PetCuddleOTron Customer Address
STAGE 1 - FINISH

At this point you have whitelisted 2 email addresses for use with SES.

    the PetCuddleOTron Sending Address.
    the PetCuddleOTron Customer Address.

These will be configured and used by the application in later stages. AT this point you have finished all the tasks needed in this STAGE of the Advanced Demo Lesson
